Criminals lurk in lobbies. Don’t let anyone hear your room number.
Check the door has a deadbolt and peephole,
and the windows lock,
there are no adjoining room doors,
or connected balconies.
Check the safe is secure and works,
and that there's a smoke and fire detector.
Before settling in, read the fire plan.
Walk the route to the exit and count the doors
along the way to act as a guide in poor visibility.
Check it opens.
When in your room use the deadlock,
and a door wedge for added security.
Unless you are expecting someone, do not open your door.
Check with reception and arrange to meet any visitors there.
At night, keep your grab bag ready to go.